docs: add edge mode (#60)
Unleash/unleash-edge: README.md

- [Offline](#offline) - No connection to upstream node. Full control of data and tokens;

#### Edge

```mermaid
graph LR
  A(Client) -->|Fetch toggles| B((Edge))
  B-->|Fetch features| C((Unleash))
```

Edge mode is the "standard" mode for Unleash Edge and the one you should default to in most cases. It connects to an upstream node, such as your Unleash instance, and uses that as the source of truth for feature toggles.

Another than connecting Edge directly to your Unleash instance, it's also possible to connect to another Edge instance (_daisy chaining_). You can have as many Edge nodes as you'd like between the Edge node your clients are accessing and the Unleash server, and it's also possible for multiple nodes to connect to a single upstream one. Depending on your architecture and requirements this can be a powerful feature, offering you flexibility and scalability when planning your implementation.

```mermaid
graph LR
  A(Client 1) -->|Fetch toggles| C((Edge 1))
  B(Client 2) -->|Fetch toggles| D((Edge 2))
  C-->|Fetch features| E((Edge 3))
  D-->|Fetch features| E

>   E-->|Fetch features| F((Unleash))

Author: I agree, but should we use `toggles` or `features`?

>   E-->|Fetch features| F((Unleash))

Reviewer: I'd go with toggles, features is what the user of Unleash develops and toggles allows them to toggle them on and off

>   E-->|Fetch features| F((Unleash))

Author: Made me wonder if we should try to go with `toggles` instead of `features` everywhere else 🤔 maybe something to consider

```

This means that, in order to start up, Edge mode needs to know where the upstream node is. This is done by passing the `--unleash-url` command line argument or setting the `UNLEASH_URL` environment variable.

By default, Edge mode uses in-memory to store the features it fetches from the upstream node. However, you may want to use a more persistent storage solution. Edge supports Redis as well, and you can configure it by passing in the `--redis-url` command line argument or setting the `REDIS_URL` environment variable.

> Edge mode also supports dynamic tokens, meaning that when using a [client token](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/api-tokens-and-client-keys#client-tokens) with the `/api/client/features` endpoint, even without previously knowing about it, Edge will validate upstream and fetch its respective features. After that, it gets added to the list of known tokens that gets periodically synced, making sure it is a valid token and its features are up-to-date.

Reviewer: I'd add a couple of notes:
1. Edge does not need a token to start
2. It might be useful to provide an initial token in order to warm it up (and how to do it)

Author: Good points, addressed in https://github.com/Unleash/unleash-edge/pull/60/commits/970533f963717d32a29c3b3a78a8dd7b11430ad2

> [Front-end tokens](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/api-tokens-and-client-keys#front-end-tokens) can also be used with `/api/frontend` and `/api/proxy` endpoints, however they are not allowed to fetch features upstream. In order to use these tokens correctly and make sure they return the correct information, it's important that the features they are allowed to access are already present in that Edge node's features cache. The easiest way to ensure this is by passing in at least one client token as one of the command line arguments, ensuring it has access to the same features as the front-end token you'll be using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Front-end tokens](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/api-tokens-and-client-keys#front-end-tokens) can also be used with `/api/frontend` and `/api/proxy` endpoints, however they are not allowed to fetch features upstream. In order to use these tokens correctly and make sure they return the correct information: e.g. by passing in at least one client token as one of the command line arguments, ensuring it has access to the same features as the front-end token you'll be using.
```
I'd try to provide an example.

I also removed `it's important that the features they are allowed to access are already present in that Edge node's features cache` because I'm not sure how customers will be able to notice this. Perhaps the explanation above is enough

Author: Unsure about this change, I'll leave it up for discussion a bit longer if anyone else wants to chime in.

> Besides dynamic tokens, Edge mode also supports metrics and other advanced features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I think we can yeet this line because we're already mentioning that here: https://github.com/Unleash/unleash-edge/pull/60/files#diff-b335630551682c19a781afebcf4d07bf978fb1f8ac04c6bf87428ed5106870f5R35

Author: You have a point. Does that mean we should also yeet 109 @ https://github.com/Unleash/unleash-edge/pull/60/files#diff-b335630551682c19a781afebcf4d07bf978fb1f8ac04c6bf87428ed5106870f5R109 ?

### Modes

Edge currently supports 2 different modes:

- [Edge](#edge) - Connection to upstream node (Unleash instance or another Edge). Supports dynamic tokens, metrics and other advanced features;
- [Offline](#offline) - No connection to upstream node. Full control of data and tokens;

#### Edge

```mermaid
graph LR
  A(Client) -->|Fetch toggles| B((Edge))
  B-->|Fetch features| C((Unleash))
```

Edge mode is the "standard" mode for Unleash Edge and the one you should default to in most cases. It connects to an upstream node, such as your Unleash instance, and uses that as the source of truth for feature toggles.

> Another than connecting Edge directly to your Unleash instance, it's also possible to connect to another Edge instance (_daisy chaining_). You can have as many Edge nodes as you'd like between the Edge node your clients are accessing and the Unleash server, and it's also possible for multiple nodes to connect to a single upstream one. Depending on your architecture and requirements this can be a powerful feature, offering you flexibility and scalability when planning your implementation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Other than connecting Edge directly to your Unleash instance, it's also possible to connect to another Edge instance (_daisy chaining_). You can have as many Edge nodes as you'd like between the Edge node your clients are accessing and the Unleash server, and it's also possible for multiple nodes to connect to a single upstream one. Depending on your architecture and requirements this can be a powerful feature, offering you flexibility and scalability when planning your implementation.
```

Author: Nice catch!
